com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/food2door/order/OrderImpl.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.food2door.order.OrderImpl
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/food2door/producer/OrderService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.food2door.producer.OrderService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/order/User.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.order.User
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/order/ProductOrderProcessor.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.order.ProductOrderProcessor
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/food2door/order/Order.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.food2door.order.Order
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/food2door/producer/HealthyShop.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.food2door.producer.HealthyShop
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/food2door/food2doorMain.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.food2door.food2doorMain
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/food2door/producer/Producer.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.food2door.producer.Producer
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/food2door/order/result/OrderResult.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.food2door.order.result.OrderResult
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/order/InformationService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.order.InformationService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/order/Order.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.order.Order
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/food2door/product/Constants.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.food2door.product.Constants
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/order/Product.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.order.Product
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/food2door/order/OrderExecutor.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.food2door.order.OrderExecutor
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/food2door/product/Carrot.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.food2door.product.Carrot
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/food2door/product/Lettuce.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.food2door.product.Lettuce
com/kodilla/good/patterns/PatternsMain.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.PatternsMain
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/food2door/order/result/OrderResultImpl.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.food2door.order.result.OrderResultImpl
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/food2door/producer/ExtraFoodShop.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.food2door.producer.ExtraFoodShop
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/order/ProductOrderService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.order.ProductOrderService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/food2door/product/Product.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.food2door.product.Product
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/MovieStore.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.MovieStore
