com/kodilla/patterns2/facade/Item.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.facade.Item
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/taxiportal/MyTaxiNetworkOrderDecorator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.taxiportal.MyTaxiNetworkOrderDecorator
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/taxiportal/TaxiNetworkOrderDecorator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.taxiportal.TaxiNetworkOrderDecorator
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/pizza/Pepper.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.pizza.Pepper
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/taxiportal/UberNetworkOrderDecorator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.taxiportal.UberNetworkOrderDecorator
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/taxiportal/BasicTaxiOrder.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.taxiportal.BasicTaxiOrder
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/taxiportal/ExpressDecorator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.taxiportal.ExpressDecorator
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/taxiportal/AbstractTaxiOrderDecorator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.taxiportal.AbstractTaxiOrderDecorator
com/kodilla/patterns2/facade/api/OrderDto.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.facade.api.OrderDto
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/pizza/DoubleCheese.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.pizza.DoubleCheese
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/pizza/AbstractPizzaDecorator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.pizza.AbstractPizzaDecorator
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/pizza/Ham.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.pizza.Ham
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/taxiportal/VipCarDecorator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.taxiportal.VipCarDecorator
com/kodilla/patterns2/KodillaApplication.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.KodillaApplication
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/pizza/BasicPizzaOrder.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.pizza.BasicPizzaOrder
com/kodilla/patterns2/facade/Authenticator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.facade.Authenticator
com/kodilla/patterns2/facade/ProductService.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.facade.ProductService
com/kodilla/patterns2/facade/api/OrderProcessingException.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.facade.api.OrderProcessingException
com/kodilla/patterns2/facade/api/OrderFacade.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.facade.api.OrderFacade
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/pizza/Salami.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.pizza.Salami
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/taxiportal/ChildSeatDecorator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.taxiportal.ChildSeatDecorator
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/taxiportal/TaxiOrder.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.taxiportal.TaxiOrder
com/kodilla/patterns2/facade/ShopService.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.facade.ShopService
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/pizza/PizzaOrder.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.pizza.PizzaOrder
com/kodilla/patterns2/facade/api/ItemDto.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.facade.api.ItemDto
com/kodilla/patterns2/facade/Order.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.facade.Order
com/kodilla/patterns2/aop/calculator/Calculator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.aop.calculator.Calculator
com/kodilla/patterns2/facade/api/Logger.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.facade.api.Logger
com/kodilla/patterns2/aop/calculator/Watcher.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.aop.calculator.Watcher
com/kodilla/patterns2/observer/forum/Observer.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.observer.forum.Observer
com/kodilla/patterns2/observer/forum/ForumTopic.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.observer.forum.ForumTopic
com/kodilla/patterns2/observer/forum/JavaToolsForumTopic.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.observer.forum.JavaToolsForumTopic
com/kodilla/patterns2/observer/forum/ForumUser.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.observer.forum.ForumUser
com/kodilla/patterns2/observer/forum/Observable.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.observer.forum.Observable
com/kodilla/patterns2/observer/forum/JavaHelpForumTopic.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.observer.forum.JavaHelpForumTopic
com/kodilla/patterns2/observer/homework/Task.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.observer.homework.Task
com/kodilla/patterns2/adapter/company/oldhrsystem/SalaryCalculator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.adapter.company.oldhrsystem.SalaryCalculator
com/kodilla/patterns2/adapter/company/SalaryAdaptee.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.adapter.company.SalaryAdaptee
com/kodilla/patterns2/observer/homework/Mentor.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.observer.homework.Mentor
com/kodilla/patterns2/observer/homework/Observable.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.observer.homework.Observable
com/kodilla/patterns2/observer/homework/TasksQueue.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.observer.homework.TasksQueue
com/kodilla/patterns2/adapter/company/oldhrsystem/Workers.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.adapter.company.oldhrsystem.Workers
com/kodilla/patterns2/adapter/company/newhrsystem/Employee.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.adapter.company.newhrsystem.Employee
com/kodilla/patterns2/adapter/company/SalaryAdapter.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.adapter.company.SalaryAdapter
com/kodilla/patterns2/observer/homework/Observer.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.observer.homework.Observer
com/kodilla/patterns2/adapter/company/newhrsystem/CompanySalaryProcessor.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.adapter.company.newhrsystem.CompanySalaryProcessor
com/kodilla/patterns2/adapter/company/newhrsystem/SalaryProcessor.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.adapter.company.newhrsystem.SalaryProcessor
com/kodilla/patterns2/adapter/bookclassifier/libraryb/BookSignature.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.adapter.bookclassifier.libraryb.BookSignature
com/kodilla/patterns2/adapter/bookclassifier/librarya/Classifier.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.adapter.bookclassifier.librarya.Classifier
com/kodilla/patterns2/adapter/bookclassifier/libraryb/Book.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.adapter.bookclassifier.libraryb.Book
com/kodilla/patterns2/adapter/bookclassifier/MedianAdapter.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.adapter.bookclassifier.MedianAdapter
com/kodilla/patterns2/adapter/bookclassifier/librarya/Book.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.adapter.bookclassifier.librarya.Book
com/kodilla/patterns2/adapter/bookclassifier/libraryb/BookStatistics.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.adapter.bookclassifier.libraryb.BookStatistics
com/kodilla/patterns2/adapter/bookclassifier/MedianAdaptee.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.adapter.bookclassifier.MedianAdaptee
com/kodilla/patterns2/adapter/bookclassifier/libraryb/Statistics.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.adapter.bookclassifier.libraryb.Statistics
